Does anybody have any questions
that they would like to ask me?
>> So, what are the requirements for
a micro frontend, or
the trade offs of using micro frontends,
and when do they become problematic?
>> So, as I said, nothing is for free.
Is that, there is overhead for
implementing a micro
frontend architecture.
Obviously, I've kind of been
chuckling about this all day,
is that breaking everything up
towards like I've got a single
library with a single service
that's serving one thing.
Locally that looks kind of silly, but
there's two main things to consider,
I believe,
when evaluating,
do we need to start making a change?
And they're entirely contextual in that,
are you trying to release
a specific feature slice at
a cadence that's faster than
everybody else can keep up with?
So that's one.
Like, are you moving in a different
cadence than the rest of the team.
Kind of conversely to that is not so
much on a cadence side,
but is the overhead
of having to just factor
in the other features and
the other facets of
the platform holding you back.
And so for me,
I believe that micro frontends,
the real value is really in the things
that are kind of hard to measure.
So, yes, you can deploy faster, yes,
there's better,
more deployable, more stable.
But if you've ever been in
a war room where you're
faced with doing a critical upgrade, but
if you don't get it right, and
if the platform goes down,
then your company is literally losing
millions of dollars every minute.
That is, I think you almost have to use
your imagination a little bit in terms of,
what is that like?
What I can say, it's not fun.
It's not fun when you are sitting
here saying, I want or
I need to deploy this critical bug fix,
or this patch, or this feature.
And bad things are gonna happen
if I cannot coordinate this
other thing over here that
has nothing to do with me.
And so, this is where I believe that
none of this is all or nothing,
is that you have things like the strangler
fig pattern of, it's incremental.
And I think, where you should
start evaluating it seriously,
is the burden of the rest
of the platform preventing
you from releasing fast and
releasing safe?
And from there, I would suggest,
start looking at ways
to incrementally adopt
a micro-frontend strategy
within your organization.
But I would definitely say,
don't be like, we're doing,
micro-frontends, burn the platform down,
is that, you are just tempting
fate when you do that.
Is, I think ultimately, there's ways
to evaluate the feasibility and
viability of a technology or
an approach without going all in.
It's like, hey, I wanna be a doctor,
I wanna go to this special
school that is out in Siberia.
And so, I don't know if I
wanna be a doctor really, but
I have to go to Siberia and stick
around for four years or eight years.
Versus, maybe I wanna go
volunteer at the hospital for
a week and see if I can even stand
the smell of a medical facility,
is that, take small,
tiny incremental bets and
measurements and move from there.
Does that make sense?
>> Yeah.
>> Awesome.
>> I have a question regarding
decoupling in a mono repo.
According to you, at which point would
we make an application instead of
a component, for instance Instance?
Before we'd create a car
component in a shared folder, for
instance, now would we create
an application for that?
It would be great to get a,
sort of guideline or
general rule to decide shared
code versus a separate.
>> One of the things that
you have to start with is,
are we describing something that
is conceptually independent.
That it represents a large enough,
indistinct enough unit of
the business domain to
warrant having a user interact
solely with that thing.
That, again, coding to model
the real world, I would say,
if you can justify having
this as a standalone app,
then I think it's worth considering.
I think, with mono repos,
if all your business logic and
your state management is in libraries,
then it's very easy to just build
a wrapper around that and expose it.
So suddenly the idea of
spinning up an application is
not nearly as cumbersome as it used to be.
What I would also say, we were having an
interesting conversation during the break,
is, what do you do in terms of
authentication with micro-frontends?
And my opinion, just right now,
is that I would not have
a standalone authentication
micro-frontend because I
don't think the function,
and it could be, but
the functionality in and of itself.
I don't believe warrants
enough to be an entirely
standalone deployable application.
There could be scenarios where
you would change my mind, but
I think it absolutely would make
sense as a standalone library that
you then pull in to your micro frontends,
and either into your remotes or your host.
So, the idea is that you pull into the
library, so you can independently load it.
It checks for a token.
If it's not there,
then you see the login lib.
If it is there, it just goes away,
and what that allows you to do is,
when you load it into a parent or
a host application,
the host can pass that
token down into the remote.
And say, I've been authenticated and
I don't need to load this library.
But it allows you,
by having that shared component,
to look at remotes independently or
remotes within the context of host.
>> Could you explain the difference
between micro-frontends and
module federation, and
when we would need either or?
>> Micro-frontends is
the concept of having small,
independently deployed frontends or
web applications
that you can then load into
other host applications.
Federated modules are just a way to do
that, and it happens to be very effective.
I think that web pack and
federated modules is probably
the best option right now.
And so, I would say that all federated
modules are probably micro-frontends,
but not all micro-frontends
are using federated modules.